When you're tackling a new problem with a neural network,
it might help to start with an existing network that was built for
a similar task and then try to fine-tune it for your own problem.
There are a couple of good reasons to do this.
First, existing neural networks can be really useful.
If somebody has taken days or weeks to train a network already,
then a lot of intelligence is stored in that network.
Taking advantage of that work can accelerate your own progress.
Second, sometimes the data set for the problem you'll work on might be small.
In those cases, look for
an existing network that's designed for a problem similar to your own.
If that network has already been trained on a larger data set,
then you can use it as a starting point to help your own network generalize better.
In order to do this,
it makes sense to learn a little bit about
the most prominent pre-trained networks that already exist.